Cypress smoke tests (#131)
kyma-project/busola: tests/README.md

## Overview

> This project contains UI smoke tests for Busola. Please copy your cluster kubeconfig file to [fixtures/kubeconfig.yaml](fixtures/kubeconfig.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains UI smoke tests for Busola. Copy your cluster's kubeconfig file to [`fixtures/kubeconfig.yaml`](fixtures/kubeconfig.yaml).
```
